Clarify the use of JSON in requests and responses (#1185)
matrix-org/matrix-spec: content/server-server-api.md

## API standards

The mandatory baseline for server-server communication in Matrix is
exchanging JSON objects over HTTPS APIs. More efficient transports may be
specified in future as optional extensions.

All `POST` and `PUT` endpoints require the requesting server to supply a

> request body containing a (potentially empty) JSON object. Requesting servers
> are *not* required to supply a `Content-Type` header.

Author: ```suggestion
request body containing a (potentially empty) JSON object. Requesting servers
should supply a `Content-Type` header of `application/json` for all requests
with JSON bodies, but this is not required.
```

Similarly, all endpoints in this specification require the destination server

> to return a JSON object.  Servers should include a `Content-Type` header of

Author: ```suggestion
to return a JSON object.  Servers must include a `Content-Type` header of
```
